# ratCode
Rats, rats, we are the rats.
Rats, rats, we are the rats.
Rats, rats, we are the rats.
Ratees, rats, we are the rats
rats rests we are the rats
rats rats we are the rasts
rats, rats, we are teh rats
rats, rats, we are the reats
rat, st rat we are the rats
Rasts rats we are the rats
rats rats we are the rats
rats Rats we are the rats
Rats, rats, we are the rats
Rats, rats , we ar the rats
rats, rats, we are the rats,
trats rats, es the rats
rats rats, we are teh rats.
Rabbirs, rats, we are the ratts
rats rats, we are the rats
rats, rats, we are the rats
rats, ratas, we ar teh rast
